Feature: like and dislike buttons functionality
Title: test like and dislike buttons correct after interacting with them with a logged user.
Description: Given I'm an user logged, when I press like or dislike buttons then the button selected changes its style.
Preconditions: Have an account created and be logged in.
Steps:
    1- Click on the search bar
    2- Type: {variable text}
    3- Click on the "search button"
    4- Select the first video of the list
    5- Click like button -> expected conditions: 1- the "hand" in the like button its filled with white color
                                                 2- the number of likes increases in one. (not tested automaically because is sensible to errors)
    
    6- Click like button again -> expected conditions: 1- the "hand" in the like button it isn't filled with white color and looks like the "dislike" button
                                                       2- the number of likes decreases in one. (not tested automaically because is sensible to errors)
    
    7- Clik the "dislike" button -> expected conditions: 1- the "hand" in the "dislike" button its filled with white color
    
    8- Click "dislike" button again -> expected conditions: 1- the "hand" in the "dislike" button it isn't filled with white color and looks like the "like" button
    
    9- Repeat step 5

    10- repeat step 7 -> expected conditions: 1- the "hand" in the like button loses its filled color
                                              2- the "hand" in the "dislike" button its filled with white color
    
    11 - Repeat step 8 -> expected condition : 1- Like and dislike buttons doesn't have filled color.
    12- Log out


TEST CASE 2:

Feature: like and dislike buttons functionality
Title: test like and dislike buttons correct after interacting with them with no logged in user.
Description: Given I'm an not registered user, when I open a video and press like or dislike buttons then a pop up appears.
Preconditions: Not be logged.
Steps:
    1- Click on the search bar
    2- Type: {variable text}
    3- Click on the "search button"
    4- Select the first video of the list
    5- Click "like" button -> expected condition: A pop which says "¿Te gusta este video? / Accede para hacer valer tu opinión. / Acceder" appears.
    6- Click "dislike" button -> expected condition: A pop which says "¿Te gusta este video? / Accede para hacer valer tu opinión. / Acceder" appears.
